Validate: print error as error instead info (#3161)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where **validate** always returned *XSIAM Dashboards* and *Correlation Rules* files as valid.
* Added `GR107` validation to **validate** using the graph validations to check that no deprecated items are used by non-deprecated content.
* Fixed an issue where the **modeling-rules test** command failed to get the existence of dataset in cases where the dataset takes more than 1 minute to get indexed.

> * Fixed an issue where errors in **validate** were logged as`info`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where errors in **validate** were logged as `info`.
```

> * Fixed an issue where errors in **validate** were legged as `INFO`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where errors in **validate** were logged as`info`.
```

Reviewer: @tkatzir :)

> * Fixed an issue where errors in **validate** was printed to logs as`INFO`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where errors in **validate** were legged as `INFO`.
```
